Update pre-commit hook charliermarsh/ruff-pre-commit to v0.0.264 (#33)
UCL-ARC/python-tooling: index.md

It is not comprehensive, but intended as a forum to share knowledge across projects.
Each page contains a table of packages or services that are useful when building a Python package.

> Each entry has a link to the package or service, and a short summary of what it does, traffic lights and used by.

Reviewer: I don't think they all have "used by"

> Each entry has a link to the package or service, and a short summary of what it does, traffic lights and used by.

Reviewer: Should move position of "and" for whatever the final sentence is

## Choosing tools
If you are working within a larger community, always start with the same tools they recommend.

> For example, the [`napari`](https://napari.org/) community have  [`cookiecutter-napari-plugin`](https://github.com/napari/cookiecutter-napari-plugin) for setting up a new pacakge; as well as [SciKit-Surgery](https://scikit-surgery.github.io/scikit-surgery/) libraries have [Cookiecutter-PythonTemplate](https://github.com/SciKit-Surgery/PythonTemplate) to create new python-based libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the [`napari`](https://napari.org/) community have  [`cookiecutter-napari-plugin`](https://github.com/napari/cookiecutter-napari-plugin) for setting up a new package; as well as [SciKit-Surgery](https://scikit-surgery.github.io/scikit-surgery/) libraries have [Cookiecutter-PythonTemplate](https://github.com/SciKit-Surgery/PythonTemplate) to create new python-based libraries.
```

> For example, the [`napari`](https://napari.org/) community have  [`cookiecutter-napari-plugin`](https://github.com/napari/cookiecutter-napari-plugin) for setting up a new pacakge; as well as [SciKit-Surgery](https://scikit-surgery.github.io/scikit-surgery/) libraries have [Cookiecutter-PythonTemplate](https://github.com/SciKit-Surgery/PythonTemplate) to create new python-based libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the [`napari`](https://napari.org/) community have the [`cookiecutter-napari-plugin`](https://github.com/napari/cookiecutter-napari-plugin) for setting up a new pacakge; as well as [SciKit-Surgery](https://scikit-surgery.github.io/scikit-surgery/) libraries have [Cookiecutter-PythonTemplate](https://github.com/SciKit-Surgery/PythonTemplate) to create new python-based libraries.
```

> For example, the [`napari`](https://napari.org/) community have  [`cookiecutter-napari-plugin`](https://github.com/napari/cookiecutter-napari-plugin) for setting up a new pacakge; as well as [SciKit-Surgery](https://scikit-surgery.github.io/scikit-surgery/) libraries have [Cookiecutter-PythonTemplate](https://github.com/SciKit-Surgery/PythonTemplate) to create new python-based libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the [`napari`](https://napari.org/) community have  [`cookiecutter-napari-plugin`](https://github.com/napari/cookiecutter-napari-plugin) for setting up a new pacakge; and the [SciKit-Surgery](https://scikit-surgery.github.io/scikit-surgery/) library has the [Cookiecutter-PythonTemplate](https://github.com/SciKit-Surgery/PythonTemplate) to create new python-based libraries.
```
